I know it's late, and this is random, and I'm gonna go to sleep after this but hear me out:

What if we decentralized the brokerage business itself? Put the TMS in the wallet. The shipper opens their wallet, enters their load as a conditional transaction in a smart contract. The carriers would also have a wallet TMS interface but the functions of the wallet (dispatch, loadboard, bidding, brokers, etc) are all conditional through tokenization (carrier tokens, shipper tokens, broker tokens, insurance tokens, FMCSA tokens, etc) Everyone will run miners, especially in the trucks where they will also provide a telematics gateway as they process blocks. Multi-token smart contracts are built where the shipper's requirements are enforced on the carriers and the carriers (insurance, safety score) on the shipper and receiver (detention) and when the contract is satisfied atomic swaps are used between the different tokenized chains to issue payments. It would be a semi-permissioned main-chain where permission is obtained through hashing power on a pre-set basis (each truck, shipper, receiver, etc has a max hash rate) so there is no gaming the system. 

I hope that makes sense. It sounds much better in my head.
10/11/2017 10:24AM
Wow that is a really in-depth way of looking at it Mike
I get what your saying someone needs to comment
Connect
To all these networks first
Sorry, I was a bit wasted last night, lol
Lol same
Yes. The wallet software is the interface, the tokens are the fuel, and the blockchain that the contracts sit on are supported by the miners associated with the various interests in the whole process.
So hung over as well
You don't even need truckers to be miners anyone can right
I did some research and a 1400 Watt power draw would not affect MPG in a tractor.
They're all going to be connected soon anyway
I felt that in order for it to grow steadily, and not have a hash power arms race, that associating hash power proportionally to the interests involved would keep it secure.
An asset carrier obviously has more skin in the game (trucks, trailers, etc) that if their hash rate was proportional to fleet size, it would be a good way to regulate it. It would be semi-permissioned, and the tokens wouldn't be monetized, except in the smart contracts. I don't think a public blockchain would work in this case.
Brokers would have a rate limit for each agent, shippers for each facility, etc. The wallet would be conditional so to open an instance, there would need to be a certain hash rate present.
If we used a custom hashing algorithm and custom miners for that algo, permission to join the system would be granted through supporting it. I.E. - If I want to start a brokerage with 3 people, I buy 3 miners and start mining. That mining then permissions the interfaces for the 3 brokers.
This is all kind of way out there, but I think it could work.

Sorry for blowing up your PM's.... when I start getting ideas, sometimes I can't shut up. lol!
